<div align="center">

<picture>
        <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jaxcksn/jaxcksn/main/files/ttu_cs_dark.png">
        <img alt="Texas Tech Computer Science - Whitacre College of Engineering" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jaxcksn/jaxcksn/main/files/ttu_cs_light.png" width="40%" align="center">
</picture>

# CS4366 Team 10: Group Webpage

</div>

### Group Members:

<div align="center">
  
| <img src="https://github.com/zoiebonnette03.png" width="100" height="100">| <img src="https://github.com/JacobBruen.png" width="100" height="100"> | <img src="https://github.com/jaxcksn.png" width="100" height="100">| <img src="https://github.com/patrickpfontaine.png" width="100" height="100">| <img src="https://github.com/bgorman65.png" width="100" height="100"> |
|:-------------:|---------------|--------------|------------------|:-----------:|
| [Zoie Bonnette](https://github.com/zoiebonnette03) | [Jacob Bruen](https://github.com/JacobBruen) | [Jackson Casey](https://github.com/jaxcksn) | [Patrick Fontaine](https://github.com/patrickpfontaine) | [Barry Gorman](https://github.com/bgorman65) |

</div>

#### Group Roles:

We made the decision not to assign "roles" and everyone is expected to contribute equally to the groups success and be a leader when needed.

---

### Group Meetings & Schedule:

We have decided to meet irregularly, and communicate via group message on an as-needed basis. We use an agile-like format and will use Jira to schedule and communicate tasks.

#### Upcoming Meetings:

Our next meeting with be on April 10th, where we will:

- Discuss outcomes and problems from the first sprint
- Discuss and plan second sprint

#### Past Meetings:

##### Jan 30th, 2025
Our initial meeting was on Jan 30th, in which we planned and discussed the project. After this meeting the following was accomplished:

- Created and scaffolded our Github Repo and Organization.
- Created the base for our powerpoint presentation.
- Created the base for our our IEEE proposal document.
- Setup and joined Jira.

##### Feb 18th, 2025

Our pre-presentation meeting was on Feb 18th, in which we went through our presentation and make sure all the deliverables for Stage 1 are ready.

- Refined our presentation.
- Determined who would read which part of the application.
- Talked a bit about the overall architecture.

##### March 11th, 2025

Our initial stage 2 meeting was on March 11th, we discussed system design decisions and started to mock up the UI of the Frontend.

- Discussed Tracking Service architecture and language
- Created MongoDB schema for the alerts
- We all proposed potential UI designs, and discussed the how our final UI design
- Discussed the report and presentation

##### March 26th, 2025

Our pre-presentation stage 2 meeting was on March 26th, in which we finished up the presentation/report and discussed roles moving forward.

- Revised and finished the presentation
- Revised the report and discussed potential points to mention in it
- Discussed microservice implementation, especially the Frontend
- Gave roles for implementation and organized first 2-week sprint

